Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will implement the book creation and book additions to handle these
actions.
We will create a book model and we will provide the communication with the admin page.
With this model.
We will get the details of the book and we will save it.
We will use this model for both to add books and to edit the existing book, because both of them will
have the same fields.
OK, now we can create our components and we can implement it.
We can create a component with the energy generate comment.
Our comments will be engie generate components and components, need our component name will be book,
but I'll create it under the admin folders.
So I specify it like admin slash book and it will create our component classes.
Now, I open the book components under the admin folders, first of all, I don't need the on init method
so I can remove it, OK, now we can implement it.
First of all, we will create a form for the book object.
So we should put the book object as a variable and type of PLB book.
Second variable will be error message, and the type of it will be strange.
We will use it to show error messages if it occurs, for example, we will send the same request.
If there is an error, we will show it with error message.
Then we can inject our services on the constructor.
We need a single service.
We will use book service to call the save book and print.
Now we can create our save book method in this method, we will call the book service Save Book Matters
and we will handle the response we will send the book Object is a parameter, of course.
First of all, we will describe the book object we are looking for.
We will handle it on the HTML, but then we will subscribe to the same book function because the same
book function is an observable item.
If the same book operation is completed successfully, we will get a response as data and I'll hook
up this data later.
Then I will implement the editable, OK, if there is an error, we should set the error message, we
can set it like unexpected error occured to Dybbuk, yet we can also write the error on the console.
OK, now our book component template is ready, this can be enough for this lesson.